1. How can we fetch API data without using useEffect hook?
2. What are the security measures which should be considered during development?
3. Can we return setData inside a component?
4. Multiple useEffects in a same component?
5. Higher order components or custom hooks? Which approach will you follow.
6. Why do we need currying in JS? Explain with example.
7. Explain Array prototyping, generators.
8. Explain Middlewares in React which you have used?
9. Function closures and bind method difference.
10. Explain service and web workers.
11. Write a program to fetch real time data for a cricket/football match.
12. Stateless components?
13. How do you fetch multiple APIs in a single time.
14. Interceptors in axios library?
15. React suspense?
16. How will you select between SSR and CSR for you application? What parameters will you consider.
17. What is A11y issues? How do you handle it?
18. Box model, CSS animation, SASS variables and mixins in CSS.
19. How authentication works with JWT?
20. What is selective hydration?
21. Crawlers, indexing a page and what are the ways?
22. Explain redux architecture.
23. How will you set redirects using axios library.
24. Different types of object creation.
25. Explain hoisting, TDZ.
26. Explain IIFE with example.
27. What is obj literal and JSON obj.
28. First class functions.
29. Error pages creation
30. Scopes in JS
31. Event Loop - Task/MicroTask Queues.
32. Second Largest numb from array without using Math, sort functions.
33. Synthetic events
34. Cookies, localStorage and sessionStorage
35. How Babel works?
36. Explain webpack, parcel and some of its features.
37. Challenges with react js
38. Memoization techniques, pure functions and pure components.
39. HTTP methods...explain
40. Call, apply and bind
41. Arrow functions, anonymous functions,this keyword
42. ES6 features.
43. Create a triangle using CSS
44. Explain rate limiting and write a small code to demonstrate.
45. ESLint and security plugins used in your proj?
46. CORS, CSP and XSS explain
47. Tree shaking, debouncing and throttling
48. Write a program for form validation without using any library
49. Array operations
50. Nested array operations, flattening of an array likewise
51. Performance optimization techniques explain
52. Shallow and deep copy..explain how will you create it
53. Various hooks syntax useParam, useReducer, useQuery, useContext and many more.